(Documentation) Document `Learner` components (#102)
FluxML/FluxTraining.jl: docs/background/lossfunction.md

# Loss functions

> A loss function compares model outputs to true targets, resulting in a loss. For a loss function to be compatible with the standard supervised training loop, the following properties must hold.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A loss function compares model outputs to true targets and returns a loss value or error a particular set of outputs. For a loss function to be compatible with the standard supervised training loop, the following properties must hold.
```

Author: this "a loss value or error a particular..." doesn't flow in my head; did you mean "a loss value, or error"/"a loss value (or error)"?

> Firstly, the loss function should accept the model outputs and targets, and return a single scalar value. Given a [data iterator](/documents/docs/background/dataiterator.md) `dataiter` and a [model](/documents/docs/background/model.md) `model`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Firstly, the loss function should accept the model outputs and targets and return a single scalar value. Given a [data iterator](/documents/docs/background/dataiterator.md) `dataiter` and a [model](/documents/docs/background/model.md) `model`:
```
